---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

**Wanted for hazardous endeavor.  Striving for the greater good, moral and physical limits tested. May stand alone. Glory and a better society in the event of success.**

The Intrepid Life seeks great joys and great triumphs, which never come easily, they must be trained for and fought for. Most people live to only overcome short-term challenges such as getting a promotion at work, avoiding major fights with loved ones, and just fitting in. The Intrepid Life plays the long game, always thinking of how to  trust yourself when the whole world doubts you and how to achieve success when you confront a crowded hour. An adventurous endeavor is a great tool, but not for its own sake, rather it should be used to develop the moral and physical courage necessary to overcome any challenge. Most importantly though, the Intrepid Life sees history unfolding as a grand play, in which we each have a heroic part. Our whole life should be seen as preparation for crowded hours,  when we will be called upon to stand fast in the darkness waiting for the dawn, to charge up the hill believing that your actions are willing others to follow you, that you will follow your conscience and resist evil to whatever end.

The Intrepid Party is a platform for heroism, bold visions, and spontaneous wit. It sees politics, as Winston Churchill did, as a morality play in which great dilemmas are acted out and resolved, as an arena where truth, integrity, and freedom are constantly put to the test but ultimately prevail. Politics often veers towards small-minded banality and petty grievances, but occasionally reaches a high water mark as it did in the late Roman Republic, the American Revolution, and the progressive era in both America and Great Britain. However, we currently live in an age far removed from those grand rhetorical debates over the good life. So first and foremost, the Intrepid Party seeks moral courage both among its adherents and its would-be elected officials. The Intrepid Party seeks fair play, open competition, national service, and elevated political discourse. An Intrepid Party candidate should never shirk from a debate, never hide from direct questions, never outsource their voice by overly relying on political consultants, and never duck the consequences of their actions. Americans recognize and reward political courage and, in the end, they’ll support the triumph of large views over small ideas.
